_recipes/king-arthur-english-muffin-bread.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: "English Muffin Toasting Bread"
---

### Ingredients

- 3 cups Unbleached All-Purpose Flour (replace up to 1 cup with Bread Flour if you please)
- 1 tablespoon sugar
- 1.5 teaspoons salt
- 0.25 teaspoon baking soda
- 1 tablespoon instant yeast

- 1 cup milk
- 0.25 cup water
- 2 tablespoons veggie or olive oil

### Instructions

1. Mix all dry ingredients in mixing bowl and combine well.
2. Combine wet ingredients into microwave-safe vessel and microwave to 190ºF. If it exceeds this temperature, wait for it to cool.
3. Pour heated wet ingredients into dry ingredients.
4. Mix at high speed for 1 minute until dough is smooth and soft and becoming elastic.
5. Pour into greased loaf pan.
6. Cover pan and let rise about 1 hour until dough is ~0.25 in above rim of pan.
7. Remove cover and place bread in preheated oven at 400ºF. Bake 22-27 minutes until interior temp is 190ºF.
8. Let bread cool on a wire rack. Slice once cool.

Source: https://www.kingarthurflour.com/recipes/english-muffin-toasting-bread-recipe

Commit message:

i think i keep killing the yeast

_recipes/king-arthur-english-muffin-bread.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "English Muffin Toasting Bread"
---

### Ingredients

Dry:

- 3 cups Unbleached All-Purpose Flour (replace up to 1 cup with Bread Flour if you please)
- 1 tablespoon sugar
- 1.5 teaspoons salt
- 0.25 teaspoon baking soda
- 1 tablespoon instant yeast

Wet:

- 1 cup milk
- 0.25 cup water
- 2 tablespoons veggie or olive oil

### Instructions

1. **Mix all dry ingredients** in mixing bowl and combine well.
2. **Combine wet ingredients into microwave-safe vessel and microwave** to 190ºF (but check the yeast package!). If it exceeds this temperature, wait for it to cool.
3. Pour heated wet ingredients into dry ingredients.
4. **Mix at high speed** for 1 minute until dough is smooth and soft and becoming elastic.
5. Pour into greased loaf pan.
6. Cover pan and let rise about 1 hour until dough is ~0.25 in above rim of pan.
7. Remove cover and place bread in preheated oven at 400ºF. Bake 22-27 minutes until interior temp is 190ºF.
8. Let bread cool on a wire rack. Slice once cool.

Source: https://www.kingarthurflour.com/recipes/english-muffin-toasting-bread-recipe
